pam-dm-update Update BXMS and BPM Suite references (#462)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/r.adoc

[[realtime-decision-server]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Realtime Decision Server (noun)

> *Description*: In Red{nbsp}Hat Decision Manager and Red{nbsp}Hat Process Automatio M, the _Realtime Decision Server_ is a standalone, built-in component that can be used to instantiate and execute rules through interfaces available for REST, JMS, or a Java client-side applications. Created as a web deployable WAR file, this server can be deployed on any web container. The current version of the Realtime Decision Server is included with default extensions for both Red{nbsp}Hat Decision Manager and Red{nbsp}Hat Process Automatio M.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: In Red{nbsp}Hat Decision Manager and Red{nbsp}Hat Process Automation, the _Realtime Decision Server_ is a standalone, built-in component that can be used to instantiate and execute rules through interfaces available for REST, JMS, or a Java client-side applications. Created as a web deployable WAR file, this server can be deployed on any web container. The current version of the Realtime Decision Server is included with default extensions for both Red{nbsp}Hat Decision Manager and Red{nbsp}Hat Process Automation.
```

Author: FIxed in source and pushed.

*See also*: xref:data-grid[Data Grid], xref:red-hat-jboss-data-grid[Red{nbsp}Hat JBoss Data Grid]

> [discrete]

Reviewer 2: We don't use discrete tags anymore, can you remove this?

```suggestion

```

Reviewer 3: @emmurphy1 I think the only remaining change needed is to remove the tag in line 259. Can you please make this change and we'll try to get this PR approved? Many thanks :)

Author: @bredamc done!
